The files in this directory may be used to perform common tasks that aren't
exactly `collectd's job. They may or may not require in-depth knowledge of RRD
files and/or `collectd's inner workings. Use at your own risk.

PerlLib/
--------
  Perl modules to be used in conjunction with collectd. See the perldoc
documentation of the .pm-files to find out what they're good for.

add_rra.sh
----------
  Before version 3.9.0 collectd used to create a different set of RRAs. The
most detailed of these old RRAs had a one minute resolution. This script can
be used to add three more RRAs: minimum, maximum and average with a ten second
resolution and 2200 rows (~6 hours). This will make hourly statistics much more
interesting. Please note that no sanity- checking whatsoever is performed. You
can seriously fuck up your RRD files if you don't know what you're doing.

collectd2html.pl
----------------
  This script by Vincent Stehlé will search for RRD files in
`/var/lib/collectd/' and generate an HTML file and a directory containing
several PNG files which are graphs of the RRD files found.

collection.cgi
--------------
  Sample CGI script that creates graphs on the fly. The Perl module `RRDs' is
needed (Debian package `librrds-perl').

extractDS.px
------------
  Creates a new RRD-file with only one data-source (DS) of the source-RRD-
file. That is very handy when you realise that you have bundled up DSes in one
RRD-file that should have been in multiple RRD-files instead. Is is used by
`migrate-3-4.px' to split up the cpu-, nfs-, swap-files and possibly others.

fedora/
-------
  Init-script and Spec-file that can be used when creating RPM-packages for
Fedora.

migrate-3-4.px
--------------
  Migration-script to ease the switch from version 3 to version 4. Many
RRD-files are expected in a different place, some have been changed (DSes have
been renamed) and others have bee split up into multiple files. This script
prints a bash-script to STDOUT which should do most of the work for you. You
may still need to do some things by hand, read `README.migration' for more
details.
